Get out of Your head

Dont run after the shiny things

Keep putting in the reps with the funcdamentals

- Python: Code efficiency, Logic Building
- Django: Login flow in pure technical manner(Code level)
- DRF: How does JWT token validate at the server level on Code Level
- SQL: Write the SQL query
- AWS: Cloud Essentials

Put in the reps on the fundamentals

Build Your Fundamentals strong
---

Those long ass days
Those hard ass practices - That's process man
To get to the prize

Every limit 
Every p that I consume
Everytime I have = Just how much more
Everytime You are Sick of the grind

That is exactly what is stopping You from Reaching Your True absolute potential
That is exactly what is stopping You from Reaching Google

And that is the exact time You need to get back in the ring

Yeah, it is going to be lonely

Yet that is what Greatness demands from You - Loneliness

So that You can reach Your prize

Solitary = Thats where my edge

And those people who tear You down: 

You tear them down with Massive Success
----

Schedule is Clear:

1. Get up
2. Code on Hackerrank == 6 hrs coding/day
3. Understand Login and logout method in django
4. COde based answer: DRF JWT authentication
5. AWS Fundamentals: 20 mins 

7 days a week no exceptions - NO excuses

----

You need to get to Your Throne: I am the Almighty

Yet for that, You first need to cross the mountain of: I am the Stupidest Programmer

This is the valley of despair

This is where most people quit

And this is where, I need to put myself more

This is where it separates You from the rest of the crowd

You are making progress

Yet not moved through valley of despair

You cannot stop now

Remember - Cage... Mumbai everything... You must Get Out

I feel caged

Why?

I am stuck in this Nasty fucking town

Why?

Because I have a job which is only present here

Why?

Because I am Yet to become capable and worthy enough to crack the coding interview all by myself - Again!

Why?

Because I am learning the fundamentals of coding once again and this time and unlike the last, I am not throwing away my bachelor life

Why?

Because Last time in 2020, I attained everything from TCS, Got job, girl, bachelors life and Yet I threw all of it away because of only 1 thing ==> My Startup

Why?

Because I trusted someone's else's words and over shadowed my hardwork of 1.5 years. I got emotional and it clouded my judgement

Why?

Friendship -- Nothing more

Hence, this time, as I am learning and forging my path again from scratch, I am rising again. Hence, for me this will take some time, because, I know for sure, last time it took me everything + 1.5 yrs, so this time, I am going to take no more than 1 to 3 months 

Why?

Because, I want my fucking life back.... back fucking back... the life that I earned so hard and threw it all away for 1 fucking startup

That's why!

---

You will get Your throne

Yet for You to gete that throne

You must be well versed in Your knowledge

Know the ins and outs of what You claim

And For that: You need to practice, Day in Day out

Every single day counts

And remain discipline, on-the-court and off-the-court

Hence, for that: You must become the type of person ==> People come to and ask for advice

People who look upto You and get: Intimidated

You must become that person and become worthy of 2.6 Years of Python Development

The Alpha:

My Characteristics:

1. Staying Calm: How? Increasing my patience level of listening
2. Reading people: How? Body language, Tone of voice and words they speak
3. Observation: How? Sitting still and no replies
4. Intimidation: How? 1. Speaking half breath 2. Unbreakable eye contact 3. Move Slowly 4. Staying Still in 1 place 5. Making the answer vague 6. Be non-reactive to (Criticism, joke, Praise) Unbreakable Eye Contact 7. Gote mat chat  

---

The mountain is going to be there, whether you come in 10 days or 10 years from now

Everything You want:

1. GF
2. Bike
3. Bachelor Life
4. Higher Package
5. Staying in Room full of Google SDE's preps
6. Going out in the evening with boys to eat and party
7. Joining a BJJ class
8. Working in big office with multiple developers and cubicles
9. Returning home only on few occasions

Is all on the other side of 6 Hrs of Coding Everyday
And Getting a job in Pune, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru and Hyderabad

Everything- Everything - Everything
Depends on this 1 single thing: Clearing the interview --> Coding

Get back in the ring --> Get Your Interviews scheduled

Pune, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Hyderabad are the location

The only solution You have: Coding and Keep Applying -- That's it!

Whatever works, Adapt!

Get the algorithm:

1. Working of Algo
2. Time and Space Complexity
3. Use Case
-----

13-04-2024

Another opportunity came to me today from Pune

And this was me after me emailing the company

There is something I want to talk to You about

I am starting to think: The challenge is too big for me to cross

The mountain is too big for me to summit

And within this given time frame: 30 days

I sometimes only believe that its possible

And when are the days, when You feel: It's impossible

The days on which I dont practice - Coding

Why dont You practive?

Bcz, I just dont get that energy out of it

My brain gets fried after a consistent 2 to 3 problems on a continuous 5 to 6 day 

I do know, I have to overdo it 

However, I am just not able to do 

I am not tired of, I am just not able to think

With regards to my recent actions:

- Movies
- P
- Series

Everything, is an escape. An escape into the life of the people

I desperately and destined to live

Just that, I am late to party

Opportunity has presented itself to me again

And this time, I cannot let it down

I have to get my act together

I have to become worthy

And for that this phase is the most important

This is where everyone gives up

And this is where I am exactly

And this where I have to make those sacrifices - The 9 ones which I want as a result

I have to become the type of the person

Who gets that result

SOmeone capable of pulling shit off and getting things done

I need to become the Coder who is a Google Coder + Intimidator
----

16-04-2024

1. Timebox Your coding Challenges
2. Current Mistake: Not understanding the code, Logic Building

----

19-04-2024

Good. If its hard - Good

THat means no one else will do it

Hence, I already 1 step ahead

You goal is Google

For that You have to beome become google material

Remember: You are doing it for You

For having a better life

The bike, the gf, the bachelor's life

Breaking out of prison

Removing the feeling of caged

the frustration and raage of being among the top performers - High functioning scholars

You are doing to go to the place where You belong

Rahul, get head in the game... You dont need insta

You need interviews

Apply on Naukri, Email and website

--- He is going in with guns blazzing

He getting around 4 interviews per week

You need to get back in the ring Rahul

Start Applying for 25 days per day: 12 Email, 13 on Naukri
-----

20-04-2024

I have to increase my capacity as a coder to Code more than 2 problems 

in less than 45 mins

Currently my brain

I am getting knee capped and stuck in this scenario

I have to get better

Otherwise, I will never assume myself as a true man

I have to get out of this cage - Get out of this cage